Add documentation note about middleware and runtimes (#58873)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/01-routing/11-middleware.mdx

}
```

> `export const runtime='nodejs'` is not supported. Middleware may only use the [Edge runtime](/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/edge-and-nodejs-runtimes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Runtime

Middleware currently only supports the [Edge runtime](/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/edge-and-nodejs-runtimes). The Node.js runtime can not be used.
```
